Update 01-short-introduction-to-Python.md (#511)
datacarpentry/python-ecology-lesson: _episodes/01-short-introduction-to-Python.md

* "Scripting" Mode: executing a series of "commands" saved in text file,
  usually with a `.py` extension after the name of your file:

> Use a text editor to create a file called `my_script.py`:
> 
> Common text editors you can use: `vi`, `emacs`, `nano`, TextEdit, Spyder, PyCharm
> 
> Open your favourite text editor, and type the following into the document:
> 
> ~~~
> print("Hello World")
> ~~~
> {: .language-python}
> 
> Save the file as `my_script.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you could create a new file using your favourite text editor,
and type the following into the document:

~~~
print("Hello World")
~~~
{: .language-python}

(Common text editors you can use: `vi`, `emacs`, `nano`, TextEdit, Spyder, and PyCharm.)

Save the file as `my_script.py`.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you for your contribution and implementing one of @tobyhodges comments, @acbuyan. Is there a specific reason why you didn't use this suggestion as well?

~~~
{: .output}

> For the remainder of this episode, use your chosen text editor when you create a script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the remainder of this lesson, you could use your chosen text editor to write example commands and your solutions to exercises as scripts.
```

I think this should be worded more as a suggestion than an instruction, because it is not clear how learners will be asked to follow along with the lesson in a workshop (e.g. Instructors may be using Jupyter, or an IDE, the REPL prompt in a terminal, etc).
